My son is really good
Just ten minutes
I helped Mr. Su earn 300 million
Xia Meng, can you marry my son?
It is the blessing you have cultivated in your previous life
Wait a minute, Mr. Su
What's the matter, this Zhongtian manufacturing fell 20 points
SK Beauty has increased by 100%.
What's not possible?
The current economic trend is so bad
The cosmetics industry should sell worse
It doesn't matter
Although I didn't pick the best stock
But you've already helped me make 30%.
Enough to prove that you have business skills
Tens of billions of orders from our Pangu Group
It belongs to your group.
Xia Meng, my son has received tens of billions of orders.
I'll leave you tomorrow.
What are you still doing here?
Get out of here
I can't get out of here, remember?
I, Xia Meng, will definitely come back again
Mr. Su, Mr. Su, Mr. Su, Mr. Su
Hey, what's wrong?
Heart attack medication?
Oh, I forgot to bring it.
Get an ambulance
You wait for me.
Wait for me to come back
change your life against the sky